Release Notes for 0.2.0 BETA
----------------------------

The version of PCRE used was updated to the latest available: 7.4.

Nearly all changes have been to the build system.  Very few changes, with
the exception of upgrading to PCRE 7.4, resulted in any changes to the
framework proper.

A priority for the project is to get a usable version of the framework
in to the hands of developers.  This means that the framework code,
API documentation, and end user distribution packaging and layout are
the top priorities.  Other issues, such as documentation on the
implementation, will be allowed to fall behind in order to meet the
other objectives in a timely manner.

o Framework Versioning
  --------------------

This release adds the first version numbers internal to the framework.
Some of these changes technically have a substantial impact to those
linking to the framework, but pragmatically are a complete non-issue because
the framework is embedded and copied in to end users application bundles.
See ChangeLog for additional information.

o NSString / NSMutableString Additions
  ------------------------------------

The framework additions to these two classes are likely to be the most
volatile going forward, as I expect that vast majority of users need to
perform regex operations on strings.

Candidly, it is extremely difficult to craft a usable, clean, and
intuitive API.  I often lack the proper perspective of what's required by
end users since I tend to view things from the perspective of whats
easiest to implement, rather than what's the easiest to use.  FEEDBACK
REGARDING THE API IS EXTREMELY APPRECIATED.



Known Issues
------------


o Unicode Support
  ---------------

I am still uncertain as to how well supported Unicode is in practice.  I
have no Unicode experience to speak of, so it is extraordinarily difficult
for me to conceive of test vectors to verify proper operation.  Being
a native English speaker who cut his teeth exclusively on ASCII, I am
certain there are things that would seem almost comically obvious to
non-English readers and writers but I am completely ignorant of.  I strongly
desire to have complete, error free Unicode support in the framework so
any help you can provide is greatly appreciated!

You can help in the following ways:

- Providing known Unicode samples that illustrate a specific feature or
  property.  Ideally these would be provided in a form that guarded against
  any code of corruption, such as an archived NSDictionary that can be
  readily loaded and used for testing.

- Providing standard Xcode Unit Tests that exercise and verify proper Unicode
  operation.  Patches are a bonus.

o Implementation Documentation
  ----------------------------

The implementation documentation (RegexKitImplementation.html) has not
been updated in any meaningful way to track the latest changes.  Since
the audience for this documentation is expected to be a small fraction
of the RegexKit user base, I'm letting it slip in the interest of getting
out a product that is used by most people.


o GNUstep Support
  ---------------

This release did not include any testing of the GNUstep configuration.  It is
likely that there are a few issues that would prevent an 'out of the box'
clean build under GNUstep at this time, but the amount of work should be
minimal.  It has worked flawlessly in the past, so it should be a matter
of bringing things up to date.  I certainly try to code things with
GNUstep compatibility in mind, but 99.99% of the work happens under Mac OS X
Cocoa, so things slip through.
